NMS-10538: correct capitalization of hrSWRun* in docs (#3510)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/service-assurance/monitors/HostResourceSwRunMonitor.adoc

= HostResourceSwRunMonitor

> This monitor test the running state of one or more processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This monitor tests the running state of one or more processes.
```

It does this via SNMP by inspecting the _hrSWRunTable_ of the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB].

> The test is done by matching a given process as _hrSWRunName_ against the numeric value of the _hrSWRunState_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test matches a given process as _hrSWRunName_ against the numeric value of the _hrSWRunState_.
```
